Once upon a time, in a far off land, there was a very lazy girl who craved adventure. 
In her world magic was freely used, but not without a cost.

In this far away land, perfection was ONLY expected and tolerated from the royal family,
who happened to be quite a humble and modest royal family. An honorable family.

One day the lazy girl, who's name was Rose, decided she should finally get out of the house and do something with her life.
Luck would have it that the same day she had those thoughts, a letter came in the mail for her.
She had been invited to the Princess's 21st birthday.

Rose knew this wouldn't be JUST a 21st birthday, it would be a party to remember for years to come.
The castle would be ravished with tasteful, festive decorations.
You will be able to smell the delicious food and desserts from miles away. There will music heard from all over the world.
A thought, "What to wear?", broke Rose from her day dream. "Will I shop? Will I use what I've got? Maybe I'll stay home?" 

This is what tore here up about going to the party.  She didnt care much for the shopping scene, and her current wardrobe of outfits would not do.
She knew she would have to go to the most dreaded place ever: the dress store.
She only visited this place once in her life, when her mother decided she should of worn a dress to her sweet 16. 
Spoiler: The party sucked.
Thats when an idea popped into her head.
Maybe she could modify that old dress to her current style.  Then she wouldnt have to leave the house! Well until the part started.

The day of the 21st birthday party comes.
The dress is ready! Rose started the dress, but before she really got started she quit.
After days and hours of relentless hardwork, her mother finished Rose's PERFECT dress.

Rose had never been so nervous in her life!
She was lucky they had people picking her up for the party, because there was no way she was going to make it without a ride
She was still wondering though: why did the princess invite her?
Rose is just hoping she will have the chance to ask her tonight.

As she came up to the castle, it was decorated is beautiful lights, and candles placed ornately both inside and outside.
Being her first time at the castle, she wasnt ready for how big it was!
As she stepped out into the brisk night, everyone just stopped and stared as she walked in, as if she was the star of the ball.
Her blue black dress flowed out to her knees, and her mother modified it so it was strapless, just the way she liked it.
Will the princess notice her?
